listen Godzilla is a part of the
criterion collection we're talking about
a figure so iconic that it represented a
country's anguish after war it's had a
crazy amount of iterations and it's 65
years some have deemed Godzilla male
others a female Godzilla once had a kid
who could talk it's five giant spiders
Maus a robot version of itself from the
future there's been moments where
Godzilla has jet-packed away he did
whatever this is once we're talking
about a creature who has a star on the
Hollywood Walk of Fame that said I've
never seen a fanbase that loves the
character for like three distinct
reasons some are just action fans who
love the idea of it being a monster bash
and want to take advantage of that IMAX
regardless of the lore there are those
who have a deep connection to it through
nostalgia and what it personally means
to them like I stumbled upon this video
from up from the depths who was talking
about these monster movies as being his
version of superhero movies growing up
and realizing that these creature
features have a bigger impact than we
know and then there's of course the
ultimate origins of it the metaphors
that it represents from countries
response to a war ii literally
representing earth and other national
disasters that have hit that same
country this new one is the weirdest
mashup of all three I've ever seen it's
definitely got the action that a lot of
people wanted but if you thought that
the 2014 film didn't show enough monster
fighting they got you covered here that
said even if you like the action I don't
know what they were thinking with the
humans in this like the human characters
are nothing but signs in this movie they
are billboards narrators they give you
more information than a Disney tour
guide does one of them literally says oh
my god
Zilla there's a reason they're not
mentioned in the title
Sam surprise they spend so much time on
them it should have been more dedicated
to the monsters in my opinion and I
think it would have benefited if they
save this one for a couple installments
later because these human Wikipedia
pages actually inform you in the movie
that Godzilla does have history with
every single one of these monsters we
just haven't seen it yet and of course
they can pull a BBS and we're you know
it's WV again saying that they don't
want to make new installments they're
just relying on fans knowing what
happened
originals but it's like no that's that's
why you're remaking this movie I want to
see all of it jumping straight into this
main fight after only two movies and his
monster verse is crazy can you imagine
if we got Iron Man one cap and then
Civil War like they just pulled that
click and fast forwarded to the climax I
guess they're saving Kong for the end
game of it all but damn y'all went from
teasing me with godzilla in 2014 to
showing me nothing but his butt but as
much as I didn't like the human
storyline in this i can't bash a movie
with this title for giving me exactly
those fight scenes in IMAX and even
though I would consider it or rent it
it's still worth seeing on the big
screen let me explain while we fight so
looking back at Godzilla 2014 it's kind
of crazy to remember that that was an
arthouse film with an insane budget
which is funny considering that the
director Gareth Edwards only had one
film out which he directed wrote he shot
it himself he even did the entire VFX
for the movie on his own laptop at home
and Hollywood clearly took notice like
this Vance steered a blockbuster
franchise into becoming a family drama
this is a Godzilla movie with Emmy
legend
Bryan Cranston Oscar winner Juliette
Binoche it's said to have made Tarantino
cry this is a two hour monster movie
that created a gif I use frequently and
yet it only shows Godzilla for 10
minutes 10 minutes now that's not
necessarily a bad thing because the
perspective here was all about a family
this is the realistic viewpoints of the
impact of being like Godzilla has on
everyday life of a boy who lost his
parents because of a cover-up that was
going on in order to hide this beast
that was down below of a man who then
grows up to face that exact force of
nature that killed his parents when he
was younger and now is facing it again
it's the story of this character
accepting the cycle of nature and
realizing that you can't fight it you
can only adapt with it just like
Godzilla and it's sequels that said the
sequel to this one did the complete
opposite
so again if you liked the 2014 one and
you thought the characters were great
and you know that movie was called
Godzilla but didn't really show him know
that the title for this one it's that's
what it's giving you it's giving you
Godzilla king of the monsters we follow
this character played by Milly Bobbie
Brown who gets access to these
whereabouts cuz using stranger things
our mom's also scientists working with
the monarch corporation and they're
pretty much the Dharma Initiative but
strictly for monsters they've created
this frequency machine that they hope
will control what they see as titans
that is until Tywin Lannister breaks in
and takes a machine because he obviously
has a thing for dragons now to me these
guys were practically far cry villains
this was like watching uncharted
cutscenes but on IMAX because to me they
look like movie says this looked like
videogame maps and I kind of like that
like I've been hearing people complain
about the look of the movie which is
kind of weird to me because again I get
not like in the characters they were
paper-thin there weren't even any
characters and I also understand feeling
bombarded with the effects if you
thought it was going to be like the 2014
version but I've seen people who were
praising the trailers they were talking
about all that clips they loved the
thing that they showed right before
endgame and then all of a sudden they
see the actual movie and they think it
looks like crap I'm like aren't these
the safe shots you were just praising in
the promos either way like I said I
thought the sets were cool only because
I kept thinking man I want to play
Donkey Kong in this thing right here
Congress is involved now that the
monster issue has become a worldwide
catastrophe they're struggling to figure
out their purpose considering they've
been buried under the earths for so long
like what were they doing in the past
when they were above-ground and this
could have been a really dumb thing to
explore right the politics the arguing
between countries of what they're going
to do the historical stuff dealing with
these monsters and and all of that stuff
and they save it for the previous movies
because here they treat the entire thing
like a joke
what's your character's name Sam Coleman
could have made that up I don't know
like forget Thomas verison Middleditch
cracking some quips here and there what
I'm saying is none of these actors feel
like they're actually in their
profession like they feel like actors
playing scientists it feels like you're
watching a high school improv club where
someone just yelled out you're a soldier
and they try there
darn is to convince you that their that
they its O'Shea its Hamilton jr. I love
these hector's but the lines they gave
you were crap hell there's a moment
where they made Dr Chen's character say
I've been researching these monsters for
ten years I was like no you have it you
just found out that was you're lying ten
minutes ago that said I think it's
important to understand what they're
doing here because on the lower side of
things this movie isn't built for
general audiences this is meant for
superfans who are going to understand
the small little things there because
this actress also plays two characters
who come from a long lineage of twins
that call back to a previous
installments everyone who Godzilla
fights has a connection with Godzilla
which you only know if you've seen the
previous installments and the bad
characters is also a callback to the era
of Godzilla movies that didn't care
about scripts as seen in some of the
previous installments the good guys in
decide to pick up Kyle Chandler since
he's the ex-husband of Vera Farmiga
character and I guess they assumed that
he would be able to help find them but I
actually felt for Kyle's character
before the third act of course this is a
guy who lost his son in San Francisco
with the 2014 attack he then loses his
wife who instead of staying with him
they votes herself to researching these
monsters over
I don't know reconnecting their marriage
so I understand why this man hates
Godzilla Godzilla causes divorce that
said he is the one who knows the most
about these tie-ins so it really has no
choice but to help out and how damn do
they make him look like an idiot when
this man goes to save his family in
Antarctica and right when he tells them
to come with him his axe and his
daughter choose to stay with the bad guy
get [ __ ] hurt so now I'm being told
that Vera Farmiga has actually been
working with Charles what more 2.0 over
here and I'm not gonna be rooting for
her then she's working for the bad guys
cuz she just recently caught first
reformed and realized that humans have
been destroying the planet and she for
whatever reason thinks that releasing
these monsters will help destroy it
faster ma'am I don't know if you've seen
what's happened in Brazil but these
monsters ain't cleanin up anything if
they killed all of the people who are
still alive then just like Brazil all of
our stadiums and gas stations and
everything are just going to be leaking
problems you can wipe out humans sure
but you expect me to believe Godzilla's
gonna put on a jumpsuit and sweep and
mop she's talking about these Titans as
if they were Earth's room bugs who get
released to clean it up
that said it's also clear she doesn't
care about her daughter or anybody else
because when she gets the moment to
release one of the monsters knowing good
and well it's about to kill all these
soldiers she's known science issues
worked with and even her own husband she
presses the button remember the only
reason this fools in Antarctica to begin
with was to save her and she released a
triple threat blue-eyes White Dragon on
him this man says Asura must be below
zero milli then demands more screen time
so her scenes randomly turned into
slow-mo for no reason but then we get
the spectacle round one is Godzilla vs.
Ghidorah who's this monster that very
released and it has these three heads
that can keep regenerating if they're
cut off so Godzilla comes in with all
these got our boy enters in like a WWE
star theme music and all humans turn
into mere bugs during this battle and
while they're duking it out both of them
are landing good hits the the humans and
the Saida interfere like remember they
are fully cognitive on the fact that
Godzilla is helping them they're aware
he's been on their side protecting them
and yet they still decide to drop a bomb
on both creatures killing Godzilla and
allowing Ghidorah to get away y'all
y'all are no better than the bad guys
better than releases every other Titan
and you realize how strong these
monsters are because not only have they
been sleeping underground but you got to
think of it this way the facilities that
are built to keep them there are
supposed to be state-of-the-art like
these aren't commercial security systems
this ain't no ADT this is the literal
greatest form of armor the human race
has ever created
yeah these titans are bus and throw them
like a kool-aid man and then turns out
that Ghidorah isn't a part of the Titans
like this wasn't buried underground like
the rest of them Ghidorah is not even
from Earth this is an alien from space
that is considered to be a virus it's
manipulating these other monsters in
order to take control of them and the
humans realize that the only thing that
could take a Dora down is Godzilla and
they killed their only weapon stupid
movie that literally takes a page from
Batman V Superman and remember how long
the nose the religious metaphors were
there with the Superman of Nazareth well
Godzilla H Christ here gets resurrected
Cross imagery included and they're even
claiming long live the king and all but
what I thought was bogus was that in
order to bring him back
a sacrifice Kim Y nabis character like
Godzilla's that 1% down in the Earth's
core it's blazing hot down there and
they send this man to detonate a nuke
now I don't know how this man survived
staring at Godzilla with his hands
exposed like that considering it should
have burned into a crisp but the
director literally had the audacity to
say that somehow he might still be alive
because no one's ever really gone no
one's ever really gone he blew up a
nuclear bomb you you better mean he's
returning as a script consultant because
when you really think about it and then
entire scene everyone on that submarine
should have died like these people were
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea and then
they get bursted up above Cielo like
they would have died I hate to see Ken
go but I'm telling you right now I
better not see him ever again they
didn't think they can sneak in a quick
one here knowing good and well that the
best quote from the first one was fight
and they think they can come up with a
version 2.0 where they include
themselves no this time we join the
fight dr. Serizawa hasn't been gone for
24 hours and y'all already ruining his
legacy massive destruction is happening
all around the world which we'll
probably never see the aftermath of but
we realize that the real monster
the real monster this entire time was
Vera Farmiga Millie then runs away from
her mom and locks herself alone in her
room because she's upset with the
cameraman and then I kid you not even
though we have an entire organization
known as monarch
endless resources to deal with these
monsters even though the United States
military along with all of their allies
are over here supervising and battling
even though we have the strongest
monsters of all time Milly Bobby Brown
I guess wins the game of Thrones i'ma
just assume she's still playing her
character 11 her legit breaks into
Fenway Park no problem she sets up that
frequency machine that if you remember
where they were going throughout
countries killing and scavenging for it
and I guess it was the easiest thing to
steal no security she takes control of
the monster she survives getting hit by
a wall and then I kid you not she stands
directly in front of Ghidorah all three
of its faces and yells louder than Jon
Snow did to his ice dragon Godzilla
thing comes in to lay down the dunk I
thought the scene was fun if you
couldn't see the details I'm just gonna
say hits your theater man your theaters
trash because granted it may be a lot of
lights but I mean these are
fire-breathing behemoths how else did
you expect in the fire you expecting a
boxing match him and mouth throat acting
for a bit but then Mothra gets
obliterated but not before giving
Godzilla its HP varus sacrifices herself
in between all of the important stuff
which I mean I'm like yeah you caused
this of course you got to sacrifice
yourself and then the craziest version
of Godzilla gets fired up as it just
obliterates Ghidorah after losing round
one at this point Boston just doesn't
exist anymore I think that thing is gone
like San Francisco but at least everyone
is thankful and they're showing their
gratitude as they all bend the knee for
Godzilla praising the king of the
monsters who's on their side for now
I think after checking out this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comments section like I
said no is it the loudest Godzilla movie
1,000% I'm curious to know what people's
IMAX was like because I clearly I knew
the characters we're gonna be bad a lot
of people told me so I just didn't go in
there with any expectations but I'm
curious to see if like everyone had the
problem that people are claiming I feel
like we have another episode three a
game of thrones where people were saying
goes to dark other people are saying no
do we have a situation here where the
screening certain people went to were
bad and others were better
I don't know I'm curious to see how the
movie looked for you but I mean I hope
the future ones have potentially added
some funny stuff one of the better jokes
was in the credits if you stay for it it
actually credits the monsters as playing
themselves so I thought that was pretty
cool I also liked the idea of having at
least one straight outta compton actor
appear in each installment you know we
got eazy-e in Kong Skull Island
we got O'Shea Ice in this one so I'm
curious to see how long they how long
they keep that other than an occasional
your thoughts
I know Godzilla fans have been craving
this movie critics didn't like it let's
talk about it I'll let you explain down
below in the comments section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
you'll want a trip to skal island